do you feel behind the high-tech curve
well don't worry we're all nerds today
I'm Jeff tower for planet balls and I'm
Rick Levine the moon in Aquarius is the
nerdy position for the moon because it's
so intellectually and technologically
wired it has a sense of emotional
detachment but I don't think we can be
that emotionally detached today well I
think we're emotionally awkward whether
we show it or not only just attached
right sociable Venus the planet of love
and self-worth in relationships is in a
challenging angle with punishing Pluto
today and that's one part of the nerd
spectrum the social awkwardness and
while you're right Rick that may push
some sensitive buttons we're also smart
as hell well yes we are but I think I
come back to that Venus today venus is
under siege I mean Venus you know the
moon opposes Venus today Venus forms
does hard aspects not only with Pluto
but with Uranus and she's also squaring
Mars Venus is not happy venus is
actually in a position right now where
the energy is so tense that she's having
a hard time expressing and I think
you're right ultimately that makes it
makes it easier for us to jump off to
nerdville because there we don't have to
worry about taking care of our field
right and the interesting question is
whether we use our intelligence today
which is very high mercury the planet of
lower minder data aligns harmoniously
with Jupiter the planet of higher mind
or philosophy the question is whether we
use that intelligence to rationalize our
way out of situations rather than
dealing with them or whether we apply
that intellect to really understand
what's going on for planet balls I'm
Jeff cower and I'm Rick Lavigne
you